SOLA SLTR  NIGERIA uses the standard SOLA 10 Git repositories for managing its code base. 
These repositories are:

1)  code      - Contains the Main POM file and
               additional supporting files. This Git repository acts
               as the super/parent repositories for all the other SOLA
               Git repositories. 
2)  clients   - Contains the Clients Desktop and Clients Admin projects
               along with the other client side projects. Attached as
               the clients subdirectory of the code repository. 
3)  common    - Contains only the Common Utilities project. Attached as
               the common/common subdirectory of the code repository. 
4)  rules     - Contains only the Common Rules project. Attached as the 
               common/rules subdirectory of the code repository. 
5)  help      - Contains only the Common Help project. Attached as the 
               common/help subdirectory of the code repository. 
6)  messaging - Contains only the Common Messaging project. Attached as
               the common/messaging subdirectory of the code
               repository. 
7)  boundary  - Contains the Web Service Boundary projects. Attached as
               the services/boundary subdirectory of the code
               repository. 
8)  services  - Conatins the EJB and common service projects. Attached
               as the services subdirectory of the code repository.
9)  database  - Contains the SOLA database scripts. Attached relative to
               the code repository in the ../database directory.
10) test     - Contains the Fitness and Performance test projects. 
               Attached in the test subdirectory of the code 
               repository. 

			   
You can read the README.TXT files in the code and database repositories
to get information about how repositories are used and handled.

In addition to the standard 10 repositories there are few other repositories: one for each state
Those contain the database scripts specific of each state.

Thus, at the moment additional repositories are:
11) database-crossriver			  
12) database-jigawa
13) database-kaduna
14) database-kano
15) database-kogi
16) database-ondo


All changes to the database are captured as a changeset script in the changeset folders (refer to the README.TXT file in the database folder):
*)  database/changeset for the changes that apply to all the state
*)  database-<state>/changeset for the changes that apply only to that specific state

When running the database/create_soladb_nigeria.bat you will now be asked also to specify:
-   State  (this will lead the installation to get the scripts from the specific state repository)
-   LGA office (this will properly set the system-id)


A configuration file has been introduced to set the state name, in order to be retrieved when running the Client Applications (both desktop and admin)
It is used at the startup to launch the Splash screen of the state.
This file is: configuration.properties located under SOLA-SLTR-NIGERIA\sola\code folder.
It has to be copied under the <USER-HOME>/sola directory.
The value of the key "state" must be then updated so to properly set the name of the state.
	e.g.
	state=<name of the state>
	to be changed to:
	state=Kano

Another customized repository is the client repository.
Under report project=> resources there are few other folders in addition to the standard resources (images,org and reports), one for each state which contain the reports specific to that state: 

Thus, at the moment folders under Client Report=>resources are:
	- CrossRiver
	- Jigawa
	- Kaduna
	- Kano
	- Kogi
	- Ondo
	- images
	- org
	- report

Under each of the <state> folder there are the reports customized by each state:
e.g.  - PD listings
	  - CofO
	  - SLTR PLAN






